[Music]
30 hotkeys that will save you tons of
time do you spend a lot of time on the
computer every day in today's day and
age who doesn't whether it's for work or
play navigating your computer system and
the internet can take time time you may
not have the spare
that's why keyboard shortcuts can be a
real lifesaver here no I'm not just
talking about copy/paste
there are tons more than that so keep
watching to learn the best ones and
don't forget to click that subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the Brightside
[Music]
f1 pressing this button will open the
help screen for pretty much every
program on your computer f2 this button
lets you rename a file or folder you've
already selected f3 if you already have
an application open pressing f3 will
bring up the search feature f4 by
pressing f4 along with the alt button
you can close an active window f5
pressing this button lets you refresh
the page you're currently on or the
document window you have open f6
pressing f6 moves the cursor to the
address bar for almost all search
engines f7 worried about making spelling
mistakes press f7 to spellcheck your
work in Microsoft Word documents f8 this
button is normally used to open up the
boot menu right after you turn the
computer on
but before Windows is actually loaded f9
this button serves two functions it can
send and receive emails in Microsoft
Outlook and it can refresh a documents
you have opened in Microsoft Word f10
you know how a right click on your mouse
opens up a menu bar pertaining to the
application you currently have open the
f10 button does the exact same thing
what a copycat f11 once you enter or
exit full-screen mode online press f11
and you're golden
[Music]
f12 this button opens up the save as
dialog box when working in Microsoft
Word did you get all that great you
better keep up because there are even
more awesome keyboard shortcuts where
pcs coming your way keep in mind that
these next shortcuts are specific to
Windows 10 and don't worry we'll get to
the Mac shortcuts in just a bit the most
common shortcuts that you may or may not
already know about are the ones that use
some sort of combination with a ctrl
button ctrl alt tab allows you to open
up new apps ctrl + C lets you copy
selected text to a keyboard ctrl + x let
you cut selected text it's sort of like
copy only it deletes the original ctrl v
lets you paste text or images that
you've copied or cut ctrl + a allows you
to select all the content ctrl + z
serves as an undo function ctrl + y does
the opposite it lets you redo an action
ctrl + d delete selected text or
image and then moves it to the recycle
bin control + escape drops down the
Start menu ctrl + shift switches up your
keyboard layout ctrl + shift + escape
opens up the task manager and finally
ctrl + f4 closes the window you
currently have opened all right Mac
users now it's your turn let's explore
some of the shortcuts you can use on
your computer although some of the names
of the keys and combos are a little
different they're mostly quite similar
to PC shortcuts if you're a Mac user
you're probably familiar with the
command + C shortcut for copying
selected text and the command + V for
paste but there are even more awesome
shortcuts that you might not even have a
clue about to start off there are a few
distinct differences between Mac and PC
keyboards one of the biggest differences
is that Mac keyboards don't have a
backspace button they only have a delete
button to get the delete button to
remove the character to the right of the
cursor like the delete button on a PC
does simply press FN + delete here are
some other keyboard shortcuts for Mac
command + Shift + delete this combo
simply deletes all the contents of your
trash this is always a good thing to do
every once in a while to preserve your
computer's storage space command + Shift
+ H this handy key combo takes you right
to your home folder command + Shift + Q
this is a really quick logoff option
that can save you time when you have to
log out of multiple applications command
+ option + H this combo will hide all
your open windows except for the Finder
window command + M instead of going up
and pressing the yellow button at the
top left corner of an open window to
minimize it use this key combo command +
option + escape this is basically a
force quit shortcut you may want to use
this when an app isn't responding and
you can't get the menu to fall down
command + tab this is a great shortcut
when it comes to switching between apps
after hitting the command + tab key
gather hold down the command key as you
press the tab key again to move through
the different apps Shift + option this
shortcut is pretty awesome
it lets you fine-tune your volume and
brightness levels when you're adjusting
your volume or brightness by clicking
the designated buttons hold down Shift +
option for a whopping 64 levels to
choose from instead of the regular
sixteenth nice option plus Apple icon as
you click the Apple icon at the top left
of your screen you'll see a bunch of
dots disappear from the menu options
like restart shutdown and force quit
this means that if you click any of
those options without the usual dots
following them you won't be asked to
confirm it allowing you to complete an
action in one quick motion easy peasy
command + spacebar looking for something
instead of clicking on the magnifying
glass icon in the menu bar to open up
spotlight simply press command + the
space bar option + click to toggle Do
Not Disturb alerts on our computers can
be helpful but a lot of the time they're
just annoying like with your iPhone you
can choose to enable a Do Not Disturb
option simply hold down the option key
after clicking the Notification Center
button you'll know that the button has
been activated when the notification
icon is grey it'll turn black again when
it's off ah finally some peace and quiet
the Mac shortcuts you just learned can
be found in general Mac computers when
it comes to iTunes Safari and other apps
there are even more shortcuts so much
info yet so little time perhaps will
save those for another day and there you
have it
you just become an expert at over 30
keyboard shortcuts for both PCs and Macs
now you can navigate through your
desired computer systems with ease and
in way less time than you're used to not
to mention the fact that you can now
impress all your friends family or
coworkers with your newly acquired
computer magic tricks
do you know any other handy keyboard
shortcuts share your expertise in the
comments down below don't forget to give
this video a like share with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life